# LLM introductory course for developers

LLM is gradually changing people's lives, and for developers, how to quickly and conveniently develop some applications with stronger capabilities and integrated LLM based on the API provided by LLM to conveniently implement some newer and more practical capabilities is an important ability that needs to be learned urgently.

The series of large model tutorials launched by Professor Andrew Ng in cooperation with OpenAI explains how to get started with large model development based on OpenAI API and LangChain. Among them, the "Prompt Engineering for Developers" tutorial is aimed at developers who are getting started with LLM. It introduces in an easy-to-understand way how to construct prompts for developers and implement various common functions including summarization, inference, conversion, etc. based on the API provided by OpenAI. It is a classic tutorial for getting started with LLM development; the "Building Systems with the ChatGPT API" and "LangChain for LLM Application Development" tutorials are aimed at developers who want to develop applications based on LLM. They are concise, effective, systematic and comprehensive. They introduce how to develop applications with practical functions based on ChatGPT API and LangChain. They are suitable for developers to learn to start based onThe actual road to building applications with LLM; the tutorials "Building Generative AI Applications with Gradio" and "Evaluating and Debugging Generative AI" introduce two practical tools, Gradio and W&B, respectively, to guide developers on how to combine these two tools to build and evaluate generative AI applications.

Therefore, we translated this series of courses into Chinese and reproduced its sample code. We also added Chinese subtitles to one of the videos to support direct use by Chinese learners in China to help Chinese learners better learn LLM development; we also implemented Chinese Prompt with roughly the same effect to support learners to experience the learning and use of LLM in the Chinese context. In the future, we will also add more advanced Prompt techniques to enrich the content of this course and help developers master more and more clever Prompt skills.